ENCRYPTED COVERT COMMUNICATION SYSTEM

INTRODUCTION
    ECCS is a fun and simple python-based encryption/decryption system made to easily be able to send short 
    encrypted messages and files over whatever method is necessary, wether it is paper, internet messaging, 
    email, radio, etc. The system is made to be able to be used both manually using printed documents 
    (except some methods such as RSA, AES, XOR which obviously require some form of computer) as well 
    as electronically. It is intended as a complete and secure SHTF communication system. Basically 
    your one-stop solution for spy messages for non-technically oriented/linux+privacy non-expert users.

UTILITIES
    - Codebook generation scripts for txt, pdf and pickle formats
        Generate pickle files for automatic key management and also print cool PDF codebooks!
    - AES message cryptography
        Typical simple AES cryptography using codebooks
    - AES file cryptography
        Typical simple AES file cryptography using codebooks
    - One Time Pad cryptography
        Cross-platform (paper and PC) One time pad implementation!
    - Brevity codes for OTP
        Shorten OTP messages
    - Authentification method
        For simple verification
    - RSA key generation
        Simple pycryptodome RSA-PKCS key generation
    - RSA-AES message cryptography
        Use pycryptodome RSA-PKCS cryptography with AES to securely send verified messages
    - RSA-AES file cryptography
        Same as above but with files
    - XOR One time pad file cryptography
        Use OTP principle with binary data blocks to encrypt files with unbreakable encryption!
    - Steghide interface
        Steghide interface for non-technical users to be able to use steganography

WARNING
    ALWAYS use an airgapped, secure, hidden and encrypted computer to generate, store and interact with 
    codebooks and keys.

    NOTE: You should pick ONE method of using this system per operator:

    A. Pen and Paper, using printed PDF or TXT format sheets that you physically cut out and destroy 
    codes from once they are used.

    B. Airgapped and disk-encrypted computer using the ECCS utilities and Pickle files.

    Doing both and having multiple copies of codebooks would create the danger that the codes are not 
    securely cleared from all of them immediately once used. Multiple parties do not have to use the 
    same method as messages encrypted on a computer can be decrypted by hand, and vice versa, obviously 
    excluding AES and RSA messages, but a single party should not mix them.

CHANGELOG:
    1.0: python 2.7
    1.1: Python 3, EasyGUI frontend
    1.2: RSA-AES encryption and steghide interface
